in the vast emptiness of the universe we
have found a fullness of cultural
diversity and when a first contact
unfolds the cosmos becomes a living
breathing organism and we become a way
for the universe to know itself wow that
was pretty good thanks I plagiarized it
like nine different things I'm receiving
a distress signal
check union records for any previous
contact with that star system negative
commander All Hands this is the captain
begin prepping all stations for first
contact
captain I don't believe it lieutenant
give us a little more yes sir dumbing it
down all right here we go
man this is [ __ ]
[Music]
we'll come back you have my word
Fortis I thought it might be fun to do
like a joint party is this an order No
then I do not wish to have a joint party
why not I prefer my birthday to be my
date he's afraid he's gonna get less
stuff I am Not Afraid Jordan take a
shuttle and find the captain hi
commander
don't do this
let's go we are not your prisoners we
have 24 hours
all I ever wanted was for you to be
proud of me I am capable of causing you
great pain captain
the planets break off is accelerating
hope this works
that'll work I think it'll work
take a message back to your people
sweetness
on behalf of the planetary union welcome
to the galaxy
you